[Applause]
pardon me a second I'm going to do a
little housecleaning this machine gets
video to the one I'm presenting on we've
sets that up because otherwise I can
present and tell you what it looks like
to me yes right here on this side DBI
do you need the adapter okay
I'm South to going on the Apple script
product manager and while we're working
that out I just want to thank you for
coming in here today and spending some
time with Ryan Lynch and myself the
meeting of Apple scripting QuickTime has
always been an incredibly fertile ground
for creating very productive tools we
first back in QuickTime 4 with the first
time we had a scriptable dictionary in
the QuickTime Player and since then the
dictionary within quicktime has grown
and grown and grown and and you can been
able to do more and more and that growth
is going to continue with Tiger you're
going to see even more script ability in
QuickTime more accessibility to
QuickTime built into Apple script itself
and also into the QuickTime architecture
as well and we're very excited about
that because the last thing you should
have to do is some repetitive thing over
and over again like setting annotations
to movies it should always be an easy
process and now with the introduction of
Automator it's going to be even easier
so while Ryan and I have been skating on
the thin ice of a preview release we've
still managed to cobble together some
things to give you a window into what's
coming up for you to take advantage of
and so today I'm going to spend a little
bit of time first of all showing you
what you have what tools you have for
QuickTime and AppleScript existing where
you can get them what they can do for
you already so that you can start if
you're new to the world of Apple's
in QuickTime you can start using these
right away to familiarize yourself with
some of the potential that these two
technologies have together then we're
going to show you some previews of
what's possible in the future and Ryan
and I are going to do some demos
involving the Automator application and
QuickTime the two were just made for
each other it's really incredible so
let's see how close am I to having video
over here then okay then what is this
demo machine right here that's me okay
well let me show you first of all we'll
go to we'll start with this I'm going to
go to dub dub dub AppleScript comm we
own that site this is the main Apple
script page and this if you're
interested in Apple script at all this
is a great place to get started this is
where you want to go first because it
contains a lot of resources from this
site but it also points you to other
locations that have information one of
the pages in particular of interest to
QuickTime if you click the applications
link here in the middle this little
toolbar nav nav bar you'll see that we
have links to some of the scriptable
applications in the OS one of which is
the QuickTime Player and I'll click that
and it takes you to the QuickTime Player
page within the Apple script website and
on this page we've posted hundreds of
scripts and examples and we've listed
them all here
there's example adding annotations
creating streams there's hundreds of
athletes and droplets setting your
playback properties and then there's a
set of screen menu scripts that it's
about a hunt
50 of those and all of these you can
download as a collection by just
clicking that link right there and I'd
like to show you that as soon as I get
some video on this machine thank you
when I take a question any questions no
any complaints perhaps you feel you've
been treated unfairly yes can we turn
the lights down a little bit they like
it intimate and cozy this is a very
productive crowd yes the question is
will there be ability to modify the
workflows created by the Automator
application if the person who created
that workflow enables you to do that yes
you can open them back up into Automator
and change whatever parameters you want
and if you're the person that's writing
the Automator actions yourself then you
can determine whether you want to
release those with the code open that
people can go in and mess with your
widgets if you want to we're very
excited about it looks like there's a
lot of people waiting to develop these
kind of things any other questions do I
see card tricks I'm not nervous today
let me tell you after doing the keynote
nothing can bother me I could have a
herd of wildebeests running straight at
my nose and I wouldn't flinch okay well
maybe I would
I don't know what kind of network they
have here but holy cow okay well I'm
going to start demoing while they're
doing that off of this machine I'll just
copy these things so this is the
QuickTime scripts collection from the
website and I'm going to walk you
through some of the of these scripts and
what they can do for you hmm
okay I can't work unless I can see the
hard drive that's much better
where did it go
oh it is okay let's switch to that then
we're switching to this laptop
well we're okay this is it great thank
you so you go to the that website you
download this collection of scripts you
get the QuickTime scripts collection now
these scripts were written some of them
have been written they've been added to
over the years
originally began with QuickTime 4 and it
covers a large amount of the basic
functionality that you need to deal with
QuickTime one of the sections in there
involves applets and droplets these are
the kind of scripts that you can drag
items on to you can take folders of
movies and drag these onto these
droplets and they will do some kind of
processing whether it's setting
annotation setting the hint setting the
URL of a movie they're really great
tools for just quick drag-and-drop the
QuickTime scripts collection over here
QuickTime Player scripts those are meant
to be launched from a script menu and by
default in Mac OS 10 you have a script
menu that's located you can activate it
via your Applications folder then your
Apple script folder within that
application folder and then you can use
the Apple script utility in Tiger to
enable that there's also in Panther
another application called start script
menu which would do the same thing once
that has been activated once the script
menu has been activated then the script
menu will appear here in the top menu
and when you are within the QuickTime
Player application you can choose to
create a folder of QuickTime Player
scripts and then place those scripts
from the collection in here and they
will be available from within the
QuickTime Player so I'm going to show
you a couple of those to begin with let
me start by opening up a little
sample movie here have a little bit
audio thank you and I think I'm threat
does this appear it feels correct
they're here it's like looking like this
so here's an example of why you would
want to use Apple script so I have a
movie here and I want to add a chapter
track any of those that are have ever
done building at raptor track in the
movie know what an involved process it
really is to create that particular kind
of text file with a certain set of codes
and then to indicate where you want it
to begin and end well with Apple script
it's become a really easy process I'll
just go to the script menu and my
QuickTime Player scripts are here and
one of the sections is chapters
I'll choose create chapter track and it
asked me what track I want to bind the
chapters to the audio or video I'll
choose video and you can see that
instantly it creates the chapter track
for me then if I want to add a chapter
at a certain point I can just drag the
cursor to that particular point and
choose add chapter at the current time
and let's give it a name well we'll give
it something very creative like first
chapter first
to pop up I plan to Mohammed Mohammed
aha and then you can see that it
automatically adds that so I have the
start and I have the first chapter and
then I'll go over here and I'll go back
to the chapter I'll choose another one
I'll add another chapter the current
time and we'll call this second chapter
and now I have a start chapter a first
chapter and a second chapter a very easy
process to do because you let
AppleScript do all the heavy lifting for
you it does all the process it talks
directly to the application and creates
the chapter and can edit it on the fly
that would take you quite a while to do
by hand with Apple script it's very
and you can go back in and edit them I
could go back and say delete a chapter
choose the chapter I want to delete and
now the first chapter is gone from the
list simple example could save you a lot
of time in annotating and chapter in a
movie there's one example of what you
can do with Apple script in QuickTime
let's take a look at another one let's
take a look at some of the applets and
droplets
and let's start with this one
now this particular script is called the
limited annotations droplet and what it
does is it'll put in three annotations
into your movie all you have to do is go
into the comments field in the Finder
window for that particular droplet and
set in your annotations you put the name
of the annotation a colon and then its
value and when the droplet is run it
will automatically read from its own
comments field and apply those so let me
show you I'll take the sample movie that
I just had and I'll drag it on to this
droplet okay now I'll open back up my
sample movie stop and you can see that
it added the annotations in for me
automatically now seems like a small
thing but if if that's something that
you do all the time with your content
being able to do 150 of those and have a
doughnut is a great thing it saves time
it saves money now you'll notice that
this movie is also set to auto play well
as soon as it opened it started playing
right well there are some playback
properties in QuickTime that aren't
really exposed to the UI did you know
that a movie can automatically close
when it's done or it can automatically
quit the cook time player or it can
automatically self present full screen
you can set these properties yourself
but nowhere in the UI of the application
currently can you do that and so we'll
go over here to the applets and droplets
and we'll open up the folder called
playback properties
now these particular droplets all set
some some individual playback property
so the first one here is called reset
playback properties if I double click it
it will tell you what it does this
script will set autoplay close when done
Auto close when done quit when done Auto
quit with done in Auto present
false presentation size to normal and
presentation mode to movies so if you
just want to reset a movie back to
normal condition that does it so now
when I open up this movie
it doesn't autoplay so if I want to set
a group of movies to automatically play
then I could determine I can set them to
right here the autoplay property this
particular script will set the autoplay
you can set the preference to whatever
you like currently it's set to enabled
so now I'll drag the movie back on to
the script and now go play so it auto
plays I can also set the I'll save it as
a presentation file and that will set
the automatically closed when done and
automatically self present so now when
the user double clicks the file
[Music]
itself presents and then closes
automatically the user doesn't know how
does it need to know how to use the
QuickTime Player and that's a property
that's only settable via Apple script be
it with an interface now that might come
in useful in this kind of a scenario if
we go back to our QuickTime scripts
folder there is a folder called example
files and within there there's a Help
Center example and I'm going to open
that and this has a movie in the help
page and the URL of this movie has been
set to self present move which is a
movie within the same folder as the file
and the target key is QuickTime Player
it is also set to auto present and auto
close so if a user of your product is
reading the help information and you
have in addition a nice full screen
movie that describes that particular
question that you're trying to have
answered they can just click some link
in that page and the movie goes plays
full screen and when it's done cleans up
after itself and all of that can be set
with Apple script in QuickTime here's a
very simple example of how it can be
useful in the real world another example
of using AppleScript is with droplets
and droplets is media skins has anybody
done media skins a couple why hasn't
anybody else on media skins
probably because it's a very involved
process right well let's take a look at
how Apple Script can make that process a
little bit simpler here's an example I
have a movie here called plane very
exciting plane okay
and I would like that movie to appear
well you can't use okay appear within
that queue with inside the queue I want
the plane to fly through the queue well
that's exactly what QuickTime can do it
has that incredible ability with media
skins to do it but it's a really long
process so what I'm going to do is make
this an easy process I'm going to use
this droplet called apply media skin
droplet and I'll just drag the plane on
to that and let's watch what happens
it's going to check and then it's going
to ask where do you want it place your
finished product I'll put it on the
desktop and I've left this droplet
showing you each step of what it's going
to do so you can see how long and
involved the process is if you take out
these dialogues that happens very
quickly so it's going to open the media
skin background file it's going to add
that into the movie then it's going to
position it to the back and it's going
to make it transparent is going to
position the movie into position save a
copy of that and it's going to close
that then it's going to write an XML
file describing how the media skin
should be done then it's going to open
up that XML file it's a new movie then
it's going to apply the playback
settings then it's going to save that
particular thing as a self-contained
entity and then it's going to clean up
after itself
so now thank you so now let's play the
same movie it's set for autoplay now how
to take advantage of a really cool
technology with a single drag and drop
that's the power of Apple script and
quick time together that's what we're
all about
also within the the QuickTime scripts
folder I'm going to take you to another
little example are some example files
folder and within that there are some
examples of the code that you need to do
this
what does what do the scripts actually
look like that can do this and what
level of control do they offer well one
of the examples that I had open but I
don't have open now open this one it's
called typewriter text movie I'm just
going to run this one it's going to
switch to the QuickTime Player create a
brand new movie and it's going to add
frames yes you have total control over
frame level you can control the contents
of frame you can control the position of
objects within the frame you can control
frame duration can control tracks you
can control the movie can control the
audio just about every aspect of a movie
has been exposed too quick to QuickTime
and Apple script so this movie wasn't
created entirely with that script by
generating frames on-the-fly that's the
level of granularity that you have with
Apple script and QuickTime as a matter
of fact let's take a look at some of the
text process some of the text frame
properties we're going to run this one
this is the one of the example scripts
and this will show you the kind of
properties you have over a frame default
font while Chicago's not installed me is
charcoal courier times Geneva you can
control the default font size
so this is not a movie this is Apple
script talking to a frame in a movie
file lie it's interacting with the
player it's not a pre done movie so you
can control justification you can change
the foreground color green blue you can
change the background color
I should change the blue type to white
huh red text on blue so you can change
both of them together
yellow text on black you can control
anti-aliasing tease key text as well all
of that is controllable that's the level
of control that you have with Apple
script in QuickTime you can really get
to a very fine point in your scripts now
to write these kind of scripts yourself
what's involved okay yes I'll show you
some also within that folder are some
script templates there are tracks syntax
examples and each one of these scripts
will show you how to do a particular
example like adding a frame to the start
of a text track
adding an image track adding text from
data from a data item adding text from a
list on disk then there are also some
template examples here where are they
favorites helps frame example slideshows
chapter examples of script templates are
down here and these are pre done scripts
that you can add your particular actions
to for example if you want to create a
QuickTime droplet all you have to do is
open up this template and then it'll
tell you right here you place your own
particular script statements there and
the rest of it is already pre done for
you to handle determining whether the
user actually dragged on a movie file
determining whether it's a folder of
stuff and then iterating through each
item in the folder all you have to do is
open this template put your particular
lines of Apple script in there save it
and then it will become a droplet that
you can use just like the other
QuickTime applets and droplets and
there's a whole set of them there for
working with tear out the player tracks
text tracks movie templates and video
tracks as well all of that's available
today all of these scripts and all of
these examples you can get right from
the Apple script site by downloading the
QuickTime collection now here's a tip
I've been using the quicktime player
from Panther on this version of tiger
that I have installed the version of the
QuickTime Player and Tiger is a little
flaky so copy your Panther one drop it
into there and you'll be able to use
these scripts while you're working on
Tiger we're not going to ship the thing
broking I mean they will fix it
eventually but the version that you have
right now you'll need the Panther player
so that's the world of that's a couple
examples of what QuickTime can do right
now this is stuff that you can go get
today now the next thing that we want to
look at is where we're going in the
future with QuickTime and Apple script
and you got a little bit of a glimpse of
that how many of you saw the keynote was
that good look at I'm sick I generated
down into like you know begging for
applause holy cow that's as low as you
can possibly go okay
yes as you can tell you know Steve was
very excited by Automator so am i it's a
phenomenal technology that we're working
on you got to see a preview of it and
there's a preview of it installed on
your developer disk as well and what
Automator does is it provides an
interface above and beyond what the
normal droplet kind of thing where you
have these little dialogues now it's
made into where you can take the result
of one action or one script and pass it
to the next because you might have a
group of movies that you want to set the
playback properties for right you might
want to be able to browse a whole group
of movies you might want to be able to
set the URL for a group of movies and
Automator lets you do that so I'm going
to show you a simple Automator action
here I launched it I like the guy the
fact that guy bounces blink-blink ensure
bouncing
and this is Automator in case you didn't
see it before let me quickly describe
the interface it's very simple on the
left hand side here our category buttons
and these represent the kind of actions
that you would normally want to do with
your computer like find things work with
disk items communicate with the user of
the computer and when you click a
category button in the list below here
all of the actions related to that
category appear in this action list when
you select one of those actions its
description will appear down here in the
description field and it will tell you
basically what the action does if it has
any things that it needs and then when
you want to use the action you can just
drag it right over into the workflow
area and the action will appear here and
you can set any kind of parameters that
you want for that particular action and
you put any preferences that it has
appears here and it's real easy just to
link these things together and create an
entire workflow and then just run the
workflow when you're done for example
let's say that I have a lot of movies
that I want to set some basic playback
properties on them well to do that I'm
just going to open up folder here of my
favorites which movies
let's see I'll grab a bunch of these I'm
going to drag them into the workflow
area and just let go
the act of me doing that will
automatically create a new action this
is an action with those files that I
just specified they're added to this
action called get specified files the
result of this action will just be a
list of those files to the next action
and then once I've dragged those in
there then I can click my movies
category over here and I have an action
here that says set movie playback
properties this action will set the
playback properties of the past movie
files the settable playback properties
include auto play auto close when done
not equipment done
present it Otto present is active to
play back sides of the movie will be
chosen so let's add that to my thing
I'll give it a double click and then I
could say I want these movies just to
autoplay and not set there anything
other than just that particular property
now I can then say all right click run
up that ain't going to work
because that's the wrong player well
it's going to attempt
and the nice thing is I don't have to do
this it's doing it for me
okay and it tells me here at the bottom
that it's completed and what happened to
my movie folder go back here movies
switch movies and I think Qbert was one
of them
Audio audio on this laptop
jano audio that's right again so that's
now set to auto play there's a matter of
fact that I can then to go back here to
my existing workflow and I could say all
right well I'd also like to have them
automatically close when they're done
and as long as you're at it have them
present fullscreen and let's say hold on
a second this is where that's the wrong
one
let's quit this guy and open up this one
it's my Panther okay now I can run it so
let's run our workflow again
I mean anybody can use this
I love uh lending in and then and then
and we need an audio for Dunning in and
then and then and then and then and then
and then and then in and in and in that
or a little Jetson think that's done and
that's that's been in it okay now we'll
go back to our thing and select one of
the tracks like Qbert again up right
into it
hang on Qbert DJ it should have said it
- oh I didn't set to present sorry okay
what I'm going to do is select couple
these and delete those so I have to go
again let's run this
and then one okay the execution has been
done now I can go back to Qbert do I
have audio on this laptop at all well
the players not playing it and it's what
you're saying okay now let's see if it
will automatically quit once the
commercials done his mom's going I can't
believe he did a nationwide TV that's
what moms think about and it
automatically closes when done so
setting the properties of a movie using
Automator is a very easy process drag
them in add the actions in after it and
there you go it's a matter of fact you
can do a lot of things with it you could
set the movie annotations and then you
can browse the movies I'm going to add
movie annotations here and I'm going to
have it delete existing annotations
let's choose artist here or let's say
copyright and we'll have option a
copyright Apple Computer 2004 and we'll
have it do that and then when we're done
we're going to have it browse the movies
for us as well and go so just be a
couple
now can you imagine this with
compressing with sharpening so now we'll
let you browse the movies in this
wonderful little web interface and then
you can click the next one
I'm panted this draws very fast so it
was very easy for us to be able to use
Automator to do basic production actions
with the QuickTime Player and this is
the power that's coming to you when we
develop this product the next thing is
taking this same kind of idea of having
the ease of creating a workflow and
taking it to the next level of being
able to control this machine and other
machines that are involved in QuickTime
production and one of the tools that is
used is the QuickTime broadcaster and
this is where Ryan is going to come in
handy with this whole thing and we're
going to show you how we used the
Automator to automate using the
QuickTime broadcaster to control the
actions of a remote computer whoo okay
Ryan
take it away excellent okay let me
exterior video here if you don't mind
okay so slim here we only have one video
yeah
okay so just this mental note - all
right tricky little bastards okay here
we go so we thought it'd be kind of fun
to figure out a way to control
broadcaster because it's a really
scriptable application and with
Automator you get a lot of a lot of
power can I have this laptop please
maybe is it not happy okay excellent
excellent so we wrote a few little
stages slash action actions whatever to
to take care of deal with broadcaster so
you know creating settings is not that
great so let's let's consolidate it into
a nice
the interface here and set up a
broadcast so 256 192 standard 20 fits we
like keyframes they're good me oh and
let's just broadcast to myself shall we
or to a server I have even so that's
great okay what am I doing with this
well this action actually is just going
to create a settings file it doesn't do
much for you so I can write that out to
a text a new text file and we'll call
this settings if I could spell boom
so we're complete well what did it do on
my desktop I have this setting little
settings file which I can here we go and
me as you see it says all my settings
are loaded into QuickTime broadcaster
with my server and everything that's
great but it doesn't do much for me I
want to take this and actually make it
work so what I decided to do is I'm
going to take this file that I just
created and automatically broadcast it
over to Sal's machine have him start
broadcasting for me and actually so you
can control a remote broadcaster over
wireless except I need your IP address
okay now nobody else you muck with this
right now I'm going to give my IP
address I don't see any other weird
messages coming in because I know how
you are it's 17.21 o dot 65.1 for one
I'm going to bling-bling because I can't
see it there it is
17.21 o dot 65.1 for okay so now I on my
machine I've made sure that I have
program linking turned on under the
sharing preferences there is an option
for remote Apple events and I have
enabled that
we have him on my machine as a user
those are two requirements that you need
in order to be able to control my
machine remotely using Apple events go
ahead okay so we have a a digital action
yeah okay so yeah instead of sending to
a text file we've got a nifty little app
excellent okay we have a nifty little
action we created called initiate remote
broadcast which was at the top of the
list because it's the most relevant item
to follow the one that I just create and
just added to the my workflow Cobo okay
so I'm going to put in Sal's IP address
because we have the remote machine here
which he just gave me we're going to
call my broadcast settings file
broadcast why not and I automatically
wanted to start broadcasting so let's
let that run and see what happens
I got a we have to login to his machine
with a user that we are to have it on
that machine and today I'm Trudy so what
it's doing is it's logging in writing to
the desktop the broadcast file that I
just created
launching broadcaster with that file and
hopefully starting the broadcast hang on
erode it
and broadcaster keeps quitting on me but
that's okay let me show you from my
computer there it is so it's actually
doing it right now you had kicked in it
just took a little delay okay so you can
see that it is broadcasting from this
camera there is the file and there's the
crash oh but even better let's I think I
did work it actually controlled my
machine from his computer wrote the
broadcast settings to my desktop open it
up with a QuickTime broadcaster
initiated the broadcasted it worked for
a little while that's not too bad
remember this is all you know
introductory stuff you're peering at the
future here that was good yeah appearing
in the future
okay so excellent so that's great that's
one of the wonderful applications that
we have in the world of QuickTime that
actually is really scriptable a new one
that we have coming up yeah okay a new
one that we have coming up with with
Tiger is going to be QuickTime streaming
server publisher and we have a new Rev
with that but you actually have shipping
in your the disk because you have today
and we've added some script ability so
we thought thought it would be a little
fun to to do something with that so I'm
going to upload some files to the server
create a playlist with those files our
stuff loaded and automatically start
that playlist broadcasting yes so I've
got one nifty file here on my desktop
great so you just drag that in to get to
specified stages right exactly okay and
then I'm going to upload the publisher
so I've got my nifty IP address
oops that's supposed to be bullets well
I forgot forgot to ask him how to do how
to do the bullets in the text field oh
girl I knew I didn't act pipe with other
stuff sorry Ryan
it's alright oh we're bouncing what does
this mean so let's go look at net to see
what's happening it's logging in and
look it's uploading our file for us and
uploading our file for us I think you
have to go connect or something right
it's already connected oh really it's
already uploading okay I think that was
it but it's hanging I think I have a
corrupt file oh not is that making
progress we need a percentage thing here
okay this up trading this into you you I
feedback for how come it's not saying
like ten percent or something just to
let me know
hmm oh it's still uploading anyway so it
does work really if I had some more
files however let's try it with this we
have so you if you don't want to just
upload movies say you've got some some
vials in iTunes some music songs that
you want to upload and do it that way so
let's try that shall we so we have this
neat little thing in music we've got
this action said get a plan I think
you're still going there for the the
previous one alright stop you might have
to just use a new workflow for right now
uh-oh yeah you're better off just yeah
okay
okay that that'll clear it out well that
definitely will work yeah yeah
definitely clear it out force okay all
right now you like our icon and they
cool these are important things so here
we go back to this so we've got the we
want to get the playlist tracks from
iTunes let's let me choose a playlist I
have here a music for streaming that
sounds nifty I'm going to get the file
tracks and this actually if you notice
at the bottom here delivers an iTunes
track so it's actually a path to the
iTunes track within the program actually
it's a reference to the iTunes tracked
object which you don't need to know
about why because Automator will handle
it for you but it automatically figures
out that what I require is a file or a
folder converts the output of the last
action into what I need for this action
so I'm going to do simple conversion the
note was there did you okay and now you
all know my name and password on this
machine call this iTunes and run so
these are C data conversion completed
here logging in I'm going to get
progress bar here it's having a hard
time transferring things well it's
trying again
but it's transferring up my MP mp4 audio
AAC audio up to the server and it will
create a playlist eventually and add
this to the playlist so you can automate
this and it's quite easily we have a
also the option to automatic an save
this and ask when it's run so that when
you save this whole workflow as a script
you can actually access this by an iCal
event or something else and
automatically have this pop up and
create your own playlist on demand
without having to go through all these
steps
another workflow or setting up your own
Apple script later on so this is the
power of Automator yes is that
interesting thank you yeah you can see
where we're going with this you're
you're catching it just leave that ready
so you're catching this a really early
stage but isn't the whole idea behind
automation the fact that you should just
be working with what you want to do and
not have to deal with the intricacies of
how to do that and that's the beauty of
what Automator can do as you've seen
before as you saw initially Apple script
can automate things but now this takes
it to the next level to where you're
just saying I want to do this task then
that task then this task and go do it
for me and even if that task involves
communicating to a machine across the
network you don't have to deal with all
the other things that are involved with
it so this is where we're taking
QuickTime and Apple script together in
the future we're very excited about
Automator and the new versions of
QuickTime that's coming out there's also
one more thing I wanted to show you
about are you running Tiger Here I am
could just leave it all right I want to
show you one more thing about Apple
script in QuickTime and it is this so
we're very focused on Apple scripted
giving you access to the various
components in the operating system and
I'm in the script editor application
right now this is located within your
app hold Kate Applications folder apple
script and I've opened up the library
window which you can also get from the
window menu and within the library
window we keep a list of some of the
favorite applications that you might
want to access their scripting
dictionaries and one of the applications
is called system events this is an
invisible process that runs in the
background that controls a lot of what's
done with with Apple script and you can
see that it has a rather extensive
dictionary I just want to point out that
it now has a new XML suite for reading
and writing XML stuff yay
and it also has a whereas QuickTime file
suite
and let's take a look at this and show
you what what is available there this
will this particular suite will allow
you to access information about
QuickTime media files without having to
use the QuickTime Player you can just
ask the question or get the properties
of it and as you can see there's a class
of object called annotation because
that's a common thing that people want
to do they want to be able to get
information about the movies that
they're working with you can also see
that QuickTime data has basically you
know your core thinks about presentation
size presentation mode is it a storage
stream what's the time scale is it set
for auto quit when done is that it set
to automatically play and you can see
that there's also other information
about the contents of the file and
information about QuickTime tracks and
all the data about tracks QuickTime
tracks as well so this will this
particular set of this particular set of
commands in the in QuickTime file suite
will be really great for just getting
quick information and setting quick
information about QuickTime media files
without having to rely on the player in
the future so this is coming up for you
in tiger as well well that's what we
have for you today I will be glad to
stand here and take some questions about
this and any of your ideas thank you
you